Part A Mandatory extensions:

1. Add an extra template
We added Weekly template and Weekly Schedule. Weekly Schedule is a schedule with seven consecutive dates. It does not
necessarily have to start at Monday and it can cross months (e.g. end of January to beginning of February) as long
as it's seven consecutive dates.

2. Add the ability for one other kind of user to log in.
We added private user and public user. Private user and public user can only create private and public schedules
respectively. However, Admin user can change public user's schedules to private and can change private user's schedules
to public.

3. Make at least one change to one of your templates from Phase 1 that results in a change to the way the
user interacts with it.
We modify the way When admin user need to reset the time limits for template. In phase 1, we ask admin user to type the
minimum time and maximum time of event separately. In phase 2, we ask admin user to type a time range (example: 0.5, 2)
where the first number represents the minimum time and the second one represents the maximum time in unit hour.

4. Allow admin users to change any of the users' creations from private to public or public to private.
Yes, we implemented this. Note: Admin can only change users' creations from private to public or vice versa but they
can not change users' creations to friend-only.

5. The admin user should be able to interact with every user's creations, even if they are private.
If the admin user decides that the content of the creation is not appropriate for the app,
Admin user can now interact with every user's creations and can delete any creation if they are inappropriate.

6. The admin user should also be able to "suspend" a user, which means the user is not allowed to
log in for x number of days, where x is a number decided by the admin user.
Yes, we implemented this. And admin user can suspend only regular/public/private user.

Part B Optional Extensions:
We chose the first four bullet points to implement.

1. We implemented all the features stated in the first point. A user can request an "email" that creates a text file named
by their email and this text file contains user's information including the temporary password that
can be used to log back into the system only once. After using that temporary password, they would be asked to change a
permanent password that is at least "weak", which would be the permanent password.
If user request an "email" accidentally, they can still use their original password to login as well.

2. We implemented all the features stated in the second point. Admin can also choose a template to create their own
schedules, but they can only make their schedules public or private (does not allow friend-only). For users that are frozen,
we can still see their schedules, but we cannot interact with them(edit).

3. We did all the features states in the third point.
A user can recover a deleted schedule or event as long as they
didn't log out of the program. Once they log out of the program, they cannot un-delete the schedules or events.
A user can revert to an earlier status as long as they stay within the options of editing the same schedule. This means,
they can no longer revert schedule 1 to an earlier status once they start editing schedule 2.
Changing a schedule to friend-only means the schedule will be shared with the friends of the author (i.e. creator of
this schedule).
We allow regular/public/private user to add/delete friend to any other regular/public/private user.
All users can interact with public schedules or schedules shared with them but only the author (i.e. creator of
this schedule) or an admin user can delete this schedule.

4. We did all the features states in the fourth point.
We design a message system that allows all permanent users to interact with messages. Permanent users are able to send,
delete, reply and read messages. Regular users have their own personal chat history. They can select one message from
the chat history and choose to delete or reply. Regular(public/private) users can only send message to one regular as long
as he knows the receiver email. Regular users can also send message to admin user and save it in the commonInbox.
Admin users share one
commonInbox that stores all messages interact with regular users. Admin users can send messages to a particular user,
a list of users, or all permanent users at a time. There are user emails be printed and users including
 regular/public/private/admin could choose an email (or emails)to send the message.
When send a message, user can choose whether to attach a schedule (creation) in the message. There will display user's
own schedules that allow the user to attach.
Also, Users can directly link to a schedule from the personal chat history messages. They can choose a message that
contains a schedule from their chat history and edit that schedule directly.